Assignment 1
---
Your first assignment will be to create a private repository (repo) in the DCSIL organization that outlines your company.
This repo will act as your company's "homebase" and will contain design assets, company policies, marketing plans, etc.

The intentions of this assignment is to kickstart your company with a basic foundation and be a forcing function to get your team acquainted with each other. You will be expected to decide on a market and explore basic ideas on how your expertises fit into this idea. You will also be expected to do some preliminary research on the chosen market and give an idea of who the key players are. You will also be expected to give a basic explanation as to how your team intends to disrupt this market.

None of this is set in stone, you can pivot but you will be expected to record in some way why the pivot happened and what caused the pivot to happen. An issue is a recommended place to record this decision.

You will be expected to work together and submit this assignment as a team. Anyone can submit it, I suggest using an issue on the repo you're about to create to coordinate that submission.

---

- [Initial Requirements](#initial-requirements)
- [Why a Repo?](#why-a-repo)
- [Submission](#submission)
- [Questions or Concerns](#questions-or-concerns)
- [Rubric](#rubric)

---

# Initial Requirements

1. Company name and market.
2. A first version of your logo.
3. Team Folder with profiles.
   - Include any relevant links to profiles or documents such as your GitHub profile, LinkedIn, Resume, Bio, Twitter profiles, etc
   - Be fun, write a small paragraph to help your teammates get to know you more
4. Product & Research folder
    - Include a page describing the market landscape look like
       - Include a description of the market you would like to disrupt
    - What is the market opportunity?
       - Who are the main players in this industry? (people, large companies, startups, etc)
       - What are the main problems you are trying to solve?
       - Who are the main users in this market?
       - What is the opportunity cost of not implementing in this sector right now?
       - How will you disrupt this market?
       - _Important_: How does your team's expertise align with this market/opportunity. What expertise is your team missing?
5. Simple Roadmap
    - You have the duration of this course. Setup a basic roadmap that includes as much detail as you want with the following conditions:
       - Must include your immediate next steps
       - Must include plans to perform user research
       - Must include low-fidelity plans for a launch date
       - You fill in the gaps
       
**None of this information is set in stone. Provide a basic insight into your initial thought processes, change the repo as these insights evolve throughout the course.**

# Why a repo?

While you may use a different medium in real-life, the intention in using a repo for this course is to allow you to _version control_ your content.
This will enable everyone to see the evolution of your company over time.

## How to use this repo throughout the course

This repo is your homebase. When you have a decision, log it. Make use of issues, wikis, and projects as you see fit.
**However, make sure you describe how your team works in the README and update it with new decisions**. Failure to describe this in the README will force me to try and figure it out myself and will result in a lower communications grade.

Let the process evolve over time. Reflect on your processes, change them, record them.

There are two exceptions:
 - You must [create a release](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-releases) to submit this assignment. More details in the [submission](#submission) section.
 - You must use pull requests to add content, with reviews from other team members

## Recommended uses

While you can work the way you want (except for the exceptions noted above), I've found this setup to be pretty useful for a "team repo":

| Area | Use |
| -- | -- |
| Issues | Track questions and product roadmaps. These make a great decision log |
| Project | Roadmapping |
| Pull Requests | When you don't like something, find an outdated line or link... change it using a PR. Tag others on your team to review. Aim for a 24-48H turn around on reviews for that. |
| Wiki | The repo itself is sort of like a wiki, see the CSC491 repo for an example |

This repository (for CSC491) will be setup like this, but may evolve over time.

# Submission

You must [create a release](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-releases) on your repo.
This will give me a snapshot in time and allow us to grade it.

The body of the release must include a list of Pull Requests (at least one from every member) that has reviews.
 
 # Questions or Concerns?
 
 - I don't like part of this assignment
   - File an issue on this repo
 - I need to clarify something about this assignment
   - File an issue on this repo
 - I need to clarify a question or ask something in private
   - Email the course instructor or ask in a private message on Slack (email is preferred here)
 
 # Rubric
 
| Area | Description| Weight |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Company Logo & Name  | Good logo/name that represents a modern idea | 5.0 |
| Team Profiles | Team profiles include photos and profile links of all teammates, clearly lists expertises, and a short biography | 5.0 |
| Market Landscape | Identifies & describes the market team wants to disrupt. Presents credible and persuasive arguments for its claims | 20.0 |
| Market Opportunity | Identifies main players in the market. Provides sufficient argument for the choices made. | 10.0 |
| | Identifies real problems with potential to generate revenue for a player who solves them. | 15.0 |
| | Identifies & describes target users. | 5.0 |
| | Provides credible arguments describing the opportunity cost | 10.0 |
| Expertise | How do your team's expertises align with the problem? Which expertise are you missing? | 10.0 |
| Roadmap | Identifies immediate next steps with clarity. Includes plans for significant user research. Identifies some longer term goals*. Fills in some gaps*. | 20.0 |
| | **Total** | 100.0 |

`*` do not go into too much detail as you have such limited knowledge in the field so far

## Rating Scale

This scale is used for each line of the rubric above.

| Rating | Result |
| --- | --- |
| Outstanding | 100% of pts | 
| Strong | 80% of pts |
| Acceptable | 60% of pts |
| Insufficient | 40% of pts |
| Unacceptable  | 0% of pts |
