Assignment 3
---
This assignment will build directly off of your first assignment.

The intention of this assignment is to kickstart your company with a basic foundation and be a forcing function to get your team acquainted with each other. You will be expected to decide on a market and explore basic ideas on how your expertises fit into this idea. You will also be expected to do some preliminary research on the chosen market and give an idea of who the key players are. You will also be expected to give a basic explanation as to how your team intends to disrupt this market.

None of this is set in stone, you can pivot but you will be expected to record in some way why the pivot happened and what caused the pivot to happen. An issue is a recommended place to record this decision.

You will be expected to work together and submit this assignment as a team. Anyone can submit it, I suggest using an issue on the repo you're about to create to coordinate that submission.

---

- [Initial Requirements](#initial-requirements)
- [Submission](#submission)
- [Questions or Concerns](#questions-or-concerns)
- [Rubric](#rubric)

---

# Initial Requirements

1. Product & Research folder
    - Include a page describing the market landscape look like
       - Include a description of the market you would like to disrupt
    - What is the market opportunity?
       - Who are the main players in this industry? (people, large companies, startups, etc)
       - What are the main problems you are trying to solve?
       - Who are the main users in this market?
       - What is the opportunity cost of not implementing in this sector right now?
       - How will you disrupt this market?
       - _Important_: How does your team's expertise align with this market/opportunity. What expertise is your team missing?
2. Simple Roadmap
    - Setup a roadmap for at least the duration of this course. You may go longer to indicate long term goals. The roadmap can include as much detail as you want with the following conditions:
       - Must include your immediate next steps
       - Must include plans to perform user research
       - Must include low-fidelity plans for a launch date
       - You fill in the gaps. Be careful not to go too detailed as we have limited knowledge still.
       
**None of this information is set in stone. Provide a basic insight into your initial thought processes, change the repo as these insights evolve throughout the course.**

# Submission

You must [create a release](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-releases) on your repo.
This will give us a snapshot in time and allow us to grade it.

The body of the release must include a list of Pull Requests (at least one from every member) that has reviews.
 
 # Questions or Concerns?
 
 - I don't like part of this assignment
   - File an issue on this repo
 - I need to clarify something about this assignment
   - File an issue on this repo
 - I need to clarify a question or ask something in private
   - Email the course instructor or ask in a private message on Slack (email is preferred here)
 
 # Rubric
 
| Area | Description| Weight |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Market Landscape | Identifies & describes the market your team wants to disrupt. Presents credible and persuasive arguments for its claims | 20.0 |
| Market Opportunity | Identifies main players in the market. Provides sufficient argument for the choices made. | 10.0 |
| | Identifies real problems with potential to generate revenue for a player who solves them. | 10.0 |
| Target Market | Identifies & describes target users. | 20.0 |
| Opportunity Cost | Provides credible arguments describing the opportunity cost | 10.0 |
| Expertise | How do your team's expertises align with the problem? Which expertise are you missing? | 10.0 |
| Roadmap | Identifies immediate next steps with clarity. Includes plans for significant user research. Identifies some longer term goals*. Fills in some gaps*. | 20.0 |
| | **Total** | 100.0 |

`*` do not go into too much detail as you have such limited knowledge in the field so far

## Rating Scale

This scale is used for each line of the rubric above.

| Rating | Result |
| --- | --- |
| Outstanding | 100% of pts | 
| Strong | 80% of pts |
| Acceptable | 60% of pts |
| Insufficient | 40% of pts |
| Unacceptable  | 0% of pts |
