Assignment 6 - Software
---

This is the final project for the course. You will deliver a functioning proof of concept.

---

- [Initial Requirements](#initial-requirements)
- [Submission](#submission)
- [Questions or Concerns](#questions-or-concerns)
- [Rubric](#rubric)

---

# Initial Requirements


1. Code
   - All code should be easily accessible in repos under the DCSIL organization
   - All repos should be linked to your team in the DCSIL Team App (Add a new repo [here](https://dcsil-team-app.herokuapp.com/my_team/repos/new).)
   - All of your repos have been added to [Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/). Your repo should maintain a minimum "B" average in "maintainability".
     - This isn't the best metric to ensure code quality, and in practice, you would use this to help inform a decision, not make a decision. In this case, checking a grade is a simple way for the teaching staff to gauge code quality without spending hours reviewing each repository.
2. It is required that the software be easily accessible:
   - If it is a web app, we should be able to visit a URL. Provide the teaching staff credentials with which to log in, if necessary
   - If it is a desktop app, we should be able to install it with the Mac/Windows Installer. We can support Mac and Windows applications, Linux-only applications will not be accepted.
   - If it is a mobile app, we should be able to install it with an iOS/Android installer. We can support iOS and Android.
   - If your app, or part of your software, does not fit in one of the above categories, then please speak with the instructor before submission
   - **If your app is not easily accessible, then you will receive a 0% for the evaluation of the running software**
3. There should be tests. The tests should be sufficiently covering your code.
   - You must implement code coverage on your app and run it in CI.
   - You must upload to [Code Climate](https://dcsil-team-app.herokuapp.com/docs/software/code/code_climate) as well.
   - You must implement the code coverage uploading and code coverage in your CI.
4. There must be CI, Production, Exception Logging, and all requirements from A4.
5. The application(s) is/are mostly dynamic. An MVP has been delivered and the main functionality has been entirely implemented. Very little is static (other than docs, and other content that needs to be static).
6. A demo video is provided to tell the teaching staff about the main flows of the app. Guide us in testing the apps out and seeing the amazing work you've done.
7. The application looks good and has a coherent layout and adheres to at least the `WCAG 2.0 checklist Level A` in [this link](https://www.wuhcag.com/wcag-checklist/).
   - Use [this checklist](./accessibility_checklist.md) to help you make sure you adhere to all requirements. It is also required

# Submission

You must also [create a release](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-releases) on your repo where the code is located.
This will give us a snapshot in time and allow us to grade it.

The release does not need to include pull requests or commits from every member. The body does not even need any content, just ensure it is there and appropriately labeled.

It is suggested to use a folder and multiple files, just like this CSC491 repo, to contain this assignment.

# Questions or Concerns?

- I don't like part of this assignment
 - File an issue on this repo
- I need to clarify something about this assignment
 - File an issue on this repo
- I need to clarify a question or ask something in private
 - Email the course instructor or email the professor via the email on the homepage / README

# Rubric
 
<!-- RUBRIC START --> 

| Section | Description | Worth |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Applications | All applications present in the architecture diagram have a repository and an MVP is implemented. | 20.0 |
| Test Coverage | Tests should cover at least 65% of your application and upload to Code Climate. | 15.0 |
| Code Quality | All repositories have at least a "B" Grade on Code Climate. | 15.0 |
| Operational Excellence | CI, Exceptions, Logging, and all other services listed in the requirements & `service.yml` example are all setup. Bootstrap script works. Service.yml is uploaded with no errors in the DCSIL team app. | 5.0 |
| Dynamic | The majority of the content is functional and dynamic. The apps do not rely on hard-coded static data. | 10.0 |
| Use Cases | All main use cases/flows have been delivered and are functional. | 15.0 |
| Video | A short video (~1.5 to 3 min) with a short write up (some bullet points explaining the video) has been provided that indicates the flows that have been implemented. This allows the teaching staff to mark and is often highly valued in a production company. Please note any areas which are still under development, or not fully implemented. Keep in mind the majority of the paths _should_ be implemented. | 5.0 |
| Design & Accessibility | The application has a consistent look and feel. You didn't rely on default styles (see below). The flows are not incoherent. This will be a highly subjective area, so feel free to ask for advice before submission (please don't ask the day before, or day of, submission). [Checklist for accessiblity](./accessibility_checklist.md) is filled out and submitted in the team repo | 15.0 |
| | **Total:** | 100 |

 <!-- RUBRIC END -->

### Notes

**Things you'll lose marks on**

* Test Coverage thresholds:
  - `60-65%` = 10pts
  - `55-60%` = 8pts
  - `50-55%` = 5pts
  - `< 50%` = 0
* If you have `n` parts of the app (e.g. frontend, backend, data pipeline, etc.), regardless of if they are in different repos or just different folders, each section will be worth roughly `(total marks worth) / (n parts of the app)` for each part of the app.
* If your code is not under the DCSIL organization, it will be considered as non-existent. You will receive a 0 for that part of your codebase.
* If your application cannot be easily run and evaluated (hosted on an accessible URL, mobile app installable, desktop app installable, etc.), it will be considered incomplete and receive a 0 on all parts that require us to run the software.
* If your application _is not_ uploading test coverage to Code Climate and the DCSIL App, it will be considered to have a coverage of 0%
* For Operational Excellence, there are a lot of checkboxes (CI, Exceptions, etc). These should all be done from previous assignments, but they should still be working. That said, the value of the section is small. This means that if any of the systems don't work, you may lose most or all of the marks for this section.
* Failing to adhere to any of the requirements, even if it's just "record the URL in a certain spot" will result in reasonable penalities. These kind of tedious tasks are in place to help the teaching staff mark, but they're also going to show up sometimes in companies (so get used to them haha). We appreciate your help in making these assignments more streamlined to grade.

   - Some examples would be:
      - a point or 2 per URL, but we will default to assuming that system/tool/whatever doesn't exist at first and mark accordingly
      - failing to include a service would be somewhere in the ballpark of 5 marks per service, but may impact other sections if that relies on it

**Other expectations**

* The short write up should be adequately long enough to tell us what to expect and highlight what you think is important. It should be short and concise enough that we're not bored reading it or lose understanding. (Tell a good story). Feel free to include images (and flow charts!!) if you feel they will help.
  - The write up should be a markdown file in the repository or the body of the release. If it is a markdown file **include the path in the release body**
* Dynamic Content: It's ok if you seed your database with static content, it's not ok if you hard code an HTML table or something. In the former, you would substitute real data and it would "just work", in the latter nothing has been done besides making a UI.
* Default Styles: The design doesn't need to be state of the art, super modern, and feel like it's been designed by Jony Ive, but it does need to look decent.
   - Use a consistent colour scheme (recommend looking at a site like [https://paletton.com](https://paletton.com), docs on this in the DCSIL app).
   - Use a framework/template like [one of these](https://dev.to/sm0ke/react-dashboards-open-source-apps-1c7j), or design something that is coherent.
   - If you use something like Material UI or Bootstrap, you're using components consistently and aren't relying on the default colours
   - We want to give our users a nice experience, not confuse them. For example:
      - if you use a certain colour for indicating some state... use it consistently
      - if you use a component for navigation, use it consistently, don't suddenly change what the user can expect on a page
      - if you have a standard layout, stick to it
      - Don't suddenly shift a user's expectations without really good reasons

## Rating Scale

This scale is used for each line of the rubric above.

| Rating | Result |
| --- | --- |
| Outstanding, Thoughtful and thorough | 100% of pts | 
| Strong, Provides some thought | 80% of pts |
| Acceptable, Simple explanation | 60% of pts |
| Insufficient, Little effort was made to give explanations | 40% of pts |
| Unacceptable, No effort was made or the section was missing | 0% of pts |
